[FLINK-19145][walkthroughs] Add PyFlink-walkthrough to Flink playground. (#16)
apache/flink-playgrounds: README.md

* The **Table Walkthrough** (in the `table-walkthrough` folder) shows to use the Table API to build an analytics pipeline that reads streaming data from Kafka and writes results to MySQL, along with a real-time dashboard in Grafana. The walkthrough is presented in detail in ["Real Time Reporting with the Table API"](https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-release-1.11/try-flink/table_api.html), which is part of the _Try Flink_ section of the Flink documentation.

> * The **PyFlink Walkthrough** (int the `pyflink-walkthrough` folder) guides you to learn about how to manage and run PyFlink Jobs. The pipeline of this walkthrough reads data from Kafka, performs aggregations and writes results to Elasticsearch visualized via Kibana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The **PyFlink Walkthrough** (in the `pyflink-walkthrough` folder) provides a complete example that uses the Python API, and guides you through the steps needed to run and manage PyFlink jobs. The pipeline used in this walkthrough reads data from Kafka, performs aggregations, and writes results to Elasticsearch that are visualized with Kibana.
```

> * The **PyFlink Walkthrough** (in the `pyflink-walkthrough` folder) provides a complete example that uses the Python API, and guides you through the steps needed to run and manage Pyflink Jobs. The pipeline used in this walkthrough reads data from Kafka, performs aggregations, and writes results to Elasticsearch that are visualized with Kibana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The **PyFlink Walkthrough** (in the `pyflink-walkthrough` folder) provides a complete example that uses the Python API, and guides you through the steps needed to run and manage Pyflink Jobs. The pipeline used in this walkthrough reads data from Kafka, performs aggregations, and writes results to Elasticsearch that are visualized with Kibana. This walkthrough is presented in detail in the [pyflink-walkthrough README](pyflink-walkthrough).
```
